did you possibly get one of these for
Christmas did you get this for a college
gift actually this woman I actually got
in college waiver at this thing has
lasted me four centimeters
it is awesome if you love seafood soups
this is a recipe for you nikhat pots are
amazing okay they are the ultimate set
it and forget it kitchen appliance today
I'm going to show you how to make a
wonderful clam chowder in a crock pot
everyone knows that new Muslim clam
chowder is the best clam chowder we do
not talk about Manhattan clam chowder at
my house okay we don't do that but no
slaving away over a stove trying to get
your room right or you know dousing it a
whole bunch of creams weddings and
vegetables this is going to be as easy
as putting everything into your
crock-pot to loosen the lid
traditionally it's made with a lot of
butter and a lot of smell Caleta heavy
cream and you know we're going to put
this on either version we're going to
dial the derrick down for us people who
may be lactose intolerant you may have a
love of clam chowder but because you're
lactose intolerant or you're just trying
to stay away from Dairy it's not the
best option for you you're gonna start
out with your low-sodium chicken claws
and then you're going to get a box or a
can of condensed cream of chicken soup
you can substitute cream of mushroom
soup if you want but we're going to use
some chicken soup just to sit with the
theme and then you're going to get your
clam juice and your chopped clams and
that's going to be like your grocery
items your fresh items are going to be
your potatoes your celery your onion
your fatally is your time and of course
no New England clam chowder is a new
complaint chatter without some bacon so
hopefully your grocery store has it so
you can purchase just a couple of strips
of bacon my parachute store does which
is completely awesome if you have to buy
the pack I suggest just sitting it in
the freezer but you really only need
like one strip naked be sure to read the
description box for a list of all the
ingredients those you're going to start
out by chopping up your vegetables
getting them ready for your slow cooker
then everything else is pretty much
ready for you this is all the work that
you have to do so you can up cut up your
potatoes celery
onion you're gonna pop that snarling it
get it all nice and chopped up and then
we pretty much just start splitting
everything into your clickers but you
can layer again if you want my only
suggestion is that you leave the clamps
to the top if you put it towards the
bottom that's where all the heat sources
in your crock pot okay it comes to the
bottom around the sides so by putting
your fins
you're not having to come to my castle
besides so to start layering in all of
the vegetables and then you're gonna
swap in your cue deck seat your clam
juice and then plant and you're gonna
finish it off with a little bit of that
chicken stock just to put it up to level
remember because this is a slow cooker
up they're going to be some liquid that
naturally happens well if so just
anticipate that you don't use all of it
but once again put it on the move key
bag put it on low and then let it go
I let mine go for my complete work shift
okay so I was gone for about eight and a
half hours and then I came home this is
what I had it was so it smells so good
in my house I can't even tell you but I
realized that I wanted it just a little
bit bigger now this is where you can do
you can optionally make a little
thickening agent by having some flour
and milk of your choice so I have about
two tablespoons knowledge and we don't
have two tablespoons of almond milk and
I'm just gonna stir that together and
I'm gonna put that into my crock pot and
then I'm going to stir it in there and
while I'm in I'm gonna take out the bay
leaf just a different zone with the baby
flavor it doesn't have to stay now
mazels it is on this is a great
opportunity for me to get my work at it
I like to work out after
so I usually do 25 35 40 I take my
shower I come back
after a long work day okay but what they
work out a shower I'm ready to be
comforted aren't you going to become
pretty not ready to be comforted so I'm
gonna sit down and have my soup I
actually serve mine with some of my
homemade multi-seat bread you gotta
check out that recipe right here super
amazing super delicious bread but I took
care of a couple pieces of multi-seat
bread or any other bread or if you're a
real ninja there you go for those points
a package but I hope you like that
really easy to do make if anything able
to eat and it'll be ready for you when
you come home all right guys stretchy
you